is a brand new day it's sunny
day you wanna get area you feel
good I feel good
currently feel good as I said
whatever retails
last week when Jay was off the
boat my son Joe and I caught
four fish job before bringing us
to the top of the leaderboard
Joe earned himself some time off
so this week it's old school
just J&I the one of our secret
spots jay is based in Figure do
it in the past but opens good to
us today
yeah it's not cheap chic we can
come back after we did at least
one part about this is my
workout is a lot more shine when
you're on top of the fleet
get punchy
way
time to go fishin
boy Tyler
after being out here for days on
end working around the clock is
crucial to have a little fun if
you can't laugh life's not worth
living
squeak